melt: add page (#18943)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/melt.md

# melt

> Backup and restore Ed25519 SSH keys using memorizable seed phrases.
> More information: <https://github.com/charmbracelet/melt>.

- Generate a seed phrase from an existing Ed25519 private key:

`melt {{~/.ssh/id_ed25519}}`

- Generate a seed phrase from standard input:

`cat {{~/.ssh/id_ed25519}} | melt`

- Restore an SSH key from a seed phrase:

> `melt restore {{./my-key}} --seed "{{seed phrase}}"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`melt restore {{path/to/key}} --seed "{{seed_phrase}}"`
```

> - Restore an SSH key from a seed phrase via standard input:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore an SSH key from a seed phrase via `stdin`:
```
